Defining eccentricity for GW data-analysis
only aligned spin systems, and only systems with at least a few periastron passages
describe problem
describe our solution 
explain the 4/3 thing, and how to obtain the correct (post)Newtonian low-e limit
variations
a few demonstrations
?performance in the low-eccentricity-limit?
?? PE run ?? 
Unique selling points
Public, robust software implementation 
insights into relation e from GW to other eccentricity  (the 4/3 thing)
Authors { Arif, Vijay, Toni, Harald, Maarten}
only public NR data would simplify authorlist somewhat
Abstract
Eccentric CBCs important science targets of GW observatories.  Many different eccentricity definitions exist in the literature.  This paper continues the development of a definition of eccentricity which is defined based solely on gauge invariant gravitational waveforms and applicable to gravitational waveforms of many origins.  Our proposal improves on related work in that the new definition agrees in the Newtonian limit with the standard Newtonian definition of eccentricity.  We present a public implementation of the proposed algorithm and demonstrate its robustness on waveforms of various origin, ranging from quasi-circular to highly eccentric systems.  The present work focuses on aligned-spin binaries which do not exhibit orbital precession; possible extensions to precessing binaries are discussed.
Intro
Description of algorithm
base idea
FIGURE 1 - illustration 
Variations
Different subtractions
Different maxima conditions, max(omega) vs max(A)
FIGURE 2 -- illustration (a) different subtractions (b) max(omega) vs max(A)
Implementation (description of our library)
Tests
versatility / robustness(?)
Show that it works for NR-SXS, NR-other-code, EOB, Phenom, PN, SMR waveforms
FIGURE 3
high and low eccentricity
Show that method works in both cases
FIGURE 4 -- high e and low e illustration (need for subtraction)
Discuss limits
FIGURE 5 -- plot e vs e showing that we get straight line, but not w/o correction factor
Hoped conclusions: robust, satisfies Newtonian limit (due to correction factors?); at high e, need several radial periods
relation to other definitions
FIGURE 6 -- plot of e_of_model vs e_our_estimate  (or ratio thereof).  
